Add a section in the migration docs on how to use legacy auth providers with the new backend system (#21520)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/gold-mangos-agree.md

---
'@backstage/create-app': minor
---

> Update create app template with new backend

Reviewer: Thinking we could perhaps put a bit more info here, in particular a link to the migration docs

> ---
> '@backstage/create-app': minor
> ---
> 
> Migrated the backend of the create app template to use the new backend system
> https://backstage.io/docs/backend-system/building-backends/migrating
> https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/21520

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/create-app': patch
---

Migrated the backend of the create app template to use the new backend system. For information on how to migrate your existing backend, see the [migration guide](https://backstage.io/docs/backend-system/building-backends/migrating).
```

We don't consider template changes to be breaking changes, so moving these to `patch`. Also trimmed away the PR and issue links, which we don't include in changesets.
